questions on 600 smeared some number 35
he, if you still have five here
written collective and strange
creativity is still very long
I understand that why is it strange
. Well, it's supposed to be something
is written is actually just our house
Now say that this is our house 2 house
people creepy mess at home I press here like
all musicians
covers from guitar keys drums lying
strings
cords at the rack yes when we only
started here to do that is everything
still taught in school who finished kids
alumni someone even do here
home and we came here I personally
came with a backpack there right after
school you a bunch of textbooks rain all
Home assignments truth rarely and for this to
more time was rehearsal I am very
the elastic school is very that is mum
wrote notes for this me
bring another school to
it was possible to spend more time
here and even if the memory is a little closer
then close the door here is the inscription on
every time here is the theme of our slogan
au
they are words that still on your favorite here
our portrait and so on then elena
the movement is not that i'm natasha and this
Krylov is a miller
here they are in shorts because they used to
something was drawn here
type yes earlier there
now there was nothing written by wolves
not to be afraid of going to the forest like this
top touch and this is a sticker of 5
Sochi stars when we conceded in 2006
now it hangs on here really
how many we have been here 6 years
rehearsing us of course changed
kombik because half burned
even doing a lot
yes it was here that we composed most
our songs
lecture base during rehearsals all
The first album is probably a taxi driver because 2 and
right here we are if our name is rannet
2 sit there next room now I'm
show you this place sipping tea and
going through all the words name bird
vegetables and fruits and it came to this
title angle right here and valuable
bitch was here without girls true on
that they were on the set of drums
which now
closed by us they are already such
here we hope that we have one more time
we had a very so strange fan
remember what his name is but
we occasionally had repairs here
the deck itself and there were such shelves on
the street that is, there went the builders and
he is periodically shorter we rehearse and in
the window appears it climbs through the window
believe hello how are you still still us
there was a mascot you see such a plush
beaver and here he was just sitting answer
in the holes in the barrel and when that is
inside playing drums over those not
the corpus danced and he lived here
three if you're good you Th
yes one more so far the new year is understandable
that it is a fact when we are further here
arrived here was absolutely empty
room and just we had it all
need to carry everything here
equipment how things should be very
for a long time they decided where to put
drum and put a bird in the corner
bodies in that corner they ended up
in the middle so that nobody can see yes
and here the only minus is that
when people come here a lot
people had to look at us like us
we play they are on this sofa but
when we play we sing always because
that we cannot turn around
whistle wind up the microphone so all
how to find out perhaps races today
dad always play
and usually make all kinds of faces and not
everyone else everyone they see is building
faces
because this is our house so warm too
creative it was exactly the gallop
left
and not alone
the key is now who has it here
religion is actually my key then
there is this stand
which is my new korg here these
stand just the same 6 years that is, we
from the first day of our making music and she
same not work on all words to avoid and
current scotch the very first line
dear therefore also does not throw out on an adhesive tape
and here on the table
periodically we are afraid that he
ever can that is why well
may falter as it stands
That's how we got a huge column there
heavy actually and the chair itself
we actually unscrewed ourselves together
and are not sure what they could run
correct in full before the ration
besides creative stories here
there was a lot of jokes
laughter personal drama personal drawn and sometimes
when we came why sewer
earring base Melnichenko to decide first
joke he drops Vladimir twice
or three even very much everything was closed he
came here before us undressed there
somewhere there is a type we come where
closed open barannikov ribbons this
this is it we go and he runs out with a knife to
participants even left traces and see
there are little black dots
it is spray that is, the situation was I
lay here from on the floor yet stood
long ago from the kefir bank pink color and and
wondered whether it would fall into my mouth or not and
he ran and I was very scared when
drove the moment there is not started to pour out
so kefir he himself is interesting that he
I replenished the bill that is, I did not spill it anywhere
not on the head not on the eye and distortion
started laughing earlier i went down on
the wall of poverty on the game itself
so the wall we can not brake yet